--https://www.roblox.com/games/3466353165/BUG-FIX-Human-Evolution-Simulator





local Library = loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/preztel/AzureLibrary/master/uilib.lua", true))()

local AutoTab = Library:CreateTab("Human-Evolution-Simulator GUI","things", true)
local eggs = Library:CreateTab("Auto Buy Eggs","things", true)
local teleports = Library:CreateTab("Teleports","things", true)
local credits = Library:CreateTab("Credits","things", true)

credits:CreateButton("Our Discords", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game:GetService("CoreGui").uiui:nothing()
end)

credits:CreateButton("masterkyllian#1723", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game:GetService("CoreGui").uiui:nothing()
end)

credits:CreateButton("https://discord.gg/Sr8exX4", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game:GetService("CoreGui").uiui:nothing()
end)

credits:CreateButton("bsoleil31FR[inchala ptn]#9001", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game:GetService("CoreGui").uiui:nothing()
end)

credits:CreateButton("https://discord.gg/PdUTrVG", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game:GetService("CoreGui").uiui:nothing()
end)

credits:CreateButton("Big C#5347", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game:GetService("CoreGui").uiui:nothing()
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 1", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 1,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 2", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 2,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 3", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 3,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 4", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 4,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 5", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 5,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 6", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 6,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 7", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 7,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 8", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 8,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 9", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 9,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 10", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 10,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 11", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 11,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 12", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 12,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 13", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 13,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

eggs:CreateToggle("Auto Buy Eggs 14", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
           local args = {
    [1] = "Buy",
    [2] = 14,
    [3] = 1,
}

game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.Pet:FireServer(unpack(args))
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

AutoTab:CreateToggle("Speed Hack 100", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.Basic = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.Basic do
            game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.WalkSpeed = 100
        end
    else
        _G.Basic = false
    end
end)

AutoTab:CreateToggle("Auto Click", function(arg) --the (arg) is if the checkbox is toggled or not
    if arg then
        _G.LULU = true 
        while wait(0) and _G.LULU do
            if game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character:FindFirstChildOfClass("Tool") then
            game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character:FindFirstChildOfClass("Tool"):Activate()
    end
end

    else
        _G.LULU = false
    end
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Sell", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(14.4632559, 110.211929, 1226.86108)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Spawn", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(14.4632559, 110.211929, 1226.86108)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 1", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(7.27672577, 586.996277, 1165.64514)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 2", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(39.0822525, 1269.65955, 1207.27527)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 3", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(8.55383587, 2190.15015, 1213.02197)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 4", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(19.0488968, 3018.03491, 1185.67712)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 5", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(17.7778587, 4337.51025, 1182.87744)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 6", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(31.2874889, 6538.19385, 1186.55078)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 7", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(11.2853146, 9255.76563, 1208.77551)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 8", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(50.6078072, 13402.4736, 1200.36951)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 9", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(30.1446934, 17017.5293, 1206.29175)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 10", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(51.4632759, 20115.6016, 1177.81763)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 11", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(49.9373894, 23407.3711, 1157.45691)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 12", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(16.2443562, 28004.9023, 1203.38928)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 13", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(9.75811195, 32053.3906, 1165.18848)
end)

teleports:CreateButton("Island 14", function() --you dont need "arg" for a button
game.Players.LocalPlayer.character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = CFrame.new(7.91037321, 35909.1484, 1164.87671)
end)

--| Anti AFK | By Altix#3395
    local Virtual = game:service'VirtualUser'
    game:service'Players'.LocalPlayer.Idled:connect(function()
        Virtual:CaptureController()
        Virtual:ClickButton2(Vector2.new())
        wait(2)
    end)

setfflag("DFStringCrashPadUploadToBacktraceToBacktraceBaseUrl", "")
setfflag("DFIntCrashUploadToBacktracePercentage", "0")
setfflag("DFStringCrashUploadToBacktraceBlackholeToken", "")
setfflag("DFStringCrashUploadToBacktraceWindowsPlayerToken", "")
